# Cloud-Computing
# Contributing guidelines

## Before contributing

Welcome to [Cloud Computing](https://github.com/Developer-Student-Clubs-MMDU/Cloud-Computing)! Before sending your pull requests, make sure that you _read the whole guidelines_. If you have any doubt on the contributing guide, please feel free to state it clearly in an issue or ask the community in our discord channel

## Contributing

### Contributor

We are very happy that you consider implementing Cloud Computing ! This repository is referenced and used by learners from all over the globe. Being one of our contributors, you agree and confirm that:

- You did your work - no plagiarism allowed
  - Any plagiarized work will not be merged.
- Your work will be distributed under [MIT License](LICENSE.md) once your pull request is merged
- Your submitted work fulfils or mostly fulfils our styles and standards

_New implementation_ is welcome! For example, new solutions for a problem, different representations for a graph data structure or algorithm designs with different complexity but _identical implementation_ of an existing implementation is not allowed. Please check whether the solution is already implemented or not before submitting your pull request.

_Improving comments_ and _writing proper tests_ are also highly welcome.

### Contribution

We appreciate any contribution, from fixing a grammar mistake in a comment. Please read this section if you are contributing your work.

Please help us keep our issue list small by adding fixes: #{$ISSUE_NO} to the commit message of pull requests that resolve open issues. GitHub will use this tag to auto-close the issue when the PR is merged.

#### Solution Style

We want your work to be readable by others; therefore, we encourage you to note the following:

- Write in an easy readable language.
- Be to the point in explaining your statements.
- Try to add screenshots and diagrammatic illustrations to support your documented solution.
- Show practical implementation of your solution.

#### Other Requirements for Submissions

- Strictly use snake_case (underscore_separated) in your file_name, as it will be easy to parse in future using scripts.
- Please avoid creating new directories if at all possible. Try to fit your work into the existing directory structure.
- If possible, follow the standard within the folder you are submitting to.
- If you have modified/added code work, make sure the code compiles before submitting.
- If you have modified/added documentation work, ensure your language is concise and contains no grammar errors.
- Do not update the README.md or DIRECTORY.md file which will be periodically autogenerated by our GitHub Actions processes.
